hello everybody tonight we make
rollatini egg play rollatini it what do
you need that you need egg play i got
parsley a chap already black pepper salt
1 egg ricotta mozzarella I got a big
arena cheese and I got my own make sauce
ok now I gotta start the core of my egg
play the ordinates handle ready and
400-degree now we start take this piece
out of over here and I want to take this
step out I want to take this little bit
side over here like this
now the mega the rollatini you gotta
make a shooter core 10 not to take a 1/4
this occurred with a knife
Lida rollatini it's 1 you pour stuff
inside a you roll look a beautiful come
see rollatini it's like when you roll a
go roll roll roll roll around the street
ok now let's start with a play hey I got
a little oil I did it with a paper towel
with the mega shoe not too much oil ok
you know one of the egg play the fry ok
we put a 1 over here like this and one
like that it's ok like this ok now this
you gotta go the 3 the 4 minute in the
oven yeah I got a do in a 400-degree and
we wait for 3 minutes of a minute ok no
gotta cook it too much you gotta be like
you can roll the rollatini
now it's a 3 minutes from my egg play
okay you don't got a cooker too much and
we put over here the cooler for now ok
now I want to figure out everybody can
see now you say you can roll
no break it's the way gotta be I want to
put over here cut the parts that still
it's not and I know one of the cuckoo no
more now I wonder this the cool off I
want to prepare my stuffed okay now we
start do with the stuff the anger over
here the ricotta and the mozzarella the
no use all the mozzarella KF at the end
you got use for the top I got the
pecorino cheese
I got a parsley black pepper I use a sea
salt younger one egg and now we gotta
mix all together okay now it's called
the egg play everybody say it's nice and
we gotta start the stopped the rollatini
and you need like one tablespoon the
stuff you put right over here like this
you can pack a little bit a you roll
it's easy
look at beautiful can you do the same
old neck plane okay now the roller Dean
it's all done everything stuffed with
the record everything now we started
with my Omega sauce a we put a little
sauce and a bottle of the dish again you
know one of the rollatini the big stick
and a bottle and you spread the sauce
all over the place like this and now we
started with the rollatini the rollatini
we start one by one a we put it right
over here like this I'll open this if
it's again you know one put one on top
of the other
okay I have to stick it together you got
to give a little room the each one and
look up beautiful look really really
nice now we gotta put the sauce on atop
the each rollatini okay now we put this
in the oven
it is
II gotta cook for F hour and 400 degree
okay now it's a 30 minutes let's say I
look good and nice a time the mozzarella
okay now this you got to go back in the
oven back a minute good look good I
can't wait
they started to eat okay I got my grass
wine to the girl okay
oh okay real a beautiful the mozzarella
is the good job now we put an eye over
here it was to stay in less than the 10
minutes
you know one time in the mozzarella melt
you take out a whip or Lilla green a
partially on a top okay now I want to
test my rollatini eggplant rollatini
okay look a beautiful look good
it's a really hot really uh Tibet's are
really good how to somebody make this
okay come out the really really good
I wanna said everybody salute a chin
chin David berry a salute good thank you